damn girl you fine as hell let me give
you one of my cars so what's good baby
with a lipstick gang at lip syncing
everywhere they pay all over thanks
already spread it out spreading the
flags to the city oh hey I got
doridori's yeah oh yeah all right us eat
dog oh yes please vicious he want to
save door who the hell is Dorothy
Doria alter ego a song oh lardy smashing
those bitches oh yeah
in our own hands door oh oh she's sexy
as hell about that life okay Dora don't
play no game our searches so you know
i'm dolo so they think i'm going here
pull the door okay I got you
lipstick gang pink pen tennis free in
the building damn allow me to
reintroduce myself I am the pamela flag
thing in a crudo style I give a damn
what you think i got my sisters and
paint behind me to read and booth behind
me tell it apart debris left if kids
took this long deck yeah I'm happen to
the person s called time and call on the
car Trina lying with the beeping
silverware magu silverback gorilla copy
what billionaire it's on Love Like You
Indy hair so pledge allegiance two
little big gang me or we flip in here
simple my thinking here get the ball or
get involved either way Lika whining
it's a repentant bro but we call after I
finish this
Marta deez bitches BAM let the holes low
lipstick game and a motherfucker game
come on
I got hit she work away man what you
workin man
okay yeah y'all know that being 42 I
shot the kitchen is stomach she got hot
rod up buddy I shatter in her hair
because I can't stand her short
hairstyle and there are ways because I
thought she remarried so direct me here
practicing Oh your might that's a bad
connection modem else good this is to
anyone oh it's not know yet
hey
yeah true to quit loader Becker
rotor for sure
what's this just practice for you baby
make sure which work properly
thanks for sharing sleep
where the top is that though
we get to work early right here they
come oh yeah good thing is they are
going
rainbow rainbow evasions mama told me to
kill her I feel like great musicians my
name is mentioned I'm go psycho insane
over winning i remember tase niggas was
paying attention
close on MC campaign your name the cane
probably live it ever drive that was
waiting for exhibit PFLAG Oh new pants
and tennis tied your fitness niggas me
I'm hopping fences tripods like big
shiny XP giving crave it
flagging Birkin bag your nigga this is
kyle living arrived lifting cali
smuggler relieves tension niggas moon
bricks and got 20 lb prison arpita nato
cock no mrs. Pym in this bitch show
these ugly bitch missing one we're
already on valium to now what your bitch
is gonna do get off your back to go lay
some tres lipstick gang home
all the way bankhead about 30 body shot
so so start up in st. your home never
touch the hostage so homey
you